internal/provisioner: expose the metrics port for envoy (#5101)
projectcontour/contour: changelogs/unreleased/5101-izturn-small.md

> Expose the default/changed metric port for envoy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gateway provisioner: add a container port to the Envoy daemonset/deployment for the metrics port.
```
